Hello there. I'm Kevin, the founder of CareMetric CareBase.
For over twenty years, I've led and consulted for senior care organizations.
Five years in nursing home management, and the last seventeen in hospice.
I hold a master's degree in social work, and a doctorate in naturopathic medicine.
I'm also a certified medication administration trainer of nearly ten years,
a certified hospice and palliative care administrator,
a certified diabetic educator, and a nationally certified guardian.
All that time, working alongside personal care homes, I kept seeing the same thing.
They carry the same responsibilities as nursing homes.
But they never had the same tools. Until now.
My whole career, I built my reputation on two things.
Strict compliance. And real patient care.
But I can't be in every facility at once. So I built the software that lets me be.
CareBase handles what keeps you up at night. Compliance paperwork.
Resident care. Billing and financial management.
Staff education. And your state documentation. All in one place.
So when the state surveyor walks through your door,
you don't panic. You're already ready.
This is the result of twenty years of executive management and consulting.
It's the software you always hoped for, and could never find. Welcome to CareBase.